DTM and radio test build empty_app_core sample by default as child image. (#5015)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/direct_test_mode/README.rst

   It does not require any counterpart application sample.
   However, you must still program the application core to boot up the network core.
   You can use any sample for this, for example, the :ref:`nrf5340_empty_app_core`.

>    The :ref:`nrf5340_empty_app_core` is built and flashed automatically by default.
>    If you want to program another sample for the application core, you must unset :option:'CONFIG_NCS_SAMPLE_EMPTY_APP_CORE_CHILD_IMAGE'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The :ref:`nrf5340_empty_app_core` is built and programmed automatically by default.
   If you want to program another sample for the application core, unset the :option:'CONFIG_NCS_SAMPLE_EMPTY_APP_CORE_CHILD_IMAGE' option.
```

Author: Done
